---
title: List Trade Aggregations
order: 20
---

# list

import { Endpoint } from "components/Endpoint"; import { ExampleResponse } from "components/ExampleResponse"; import { CodeExample } from "components/CodeExample"; import { AttributeTable } from "components/AttributeTable";

This endpoint displays trade data based on filters set in the arguments.

This is done by dividing a given time range into segments and aggregating statistics, for a given asset pair \(base, counter\) over each of these segments.

The duration of the segments is specified with the `resolution` parameter. The start and end of the time range are given by `startTime` and `endTime` respectively, which are both rounded to the nearest multiple of `resolution` since epoch.

The individual segments are also aligned with multiples of `resolution` since epoch. If you want to change this alignment, the segments can be `offset` by specifying the offset parameter.

 \| \| \| \| --- \| --- \| \| GET \| /trade\_aggregations?start\_time={:start\_time}&end\_time={:end\_time}&resolution={:resolution}&offset={:offset}&base\_asset\_type={native,credit\_alphanum4,credit\_alphanum12}&base\_asset\_issuer={:account\_id}&base\_asset\_code{:asset\_code}&counter\_asset\_type={native,credit\_alphanum4,credit\_alphanum12}&counter\_asset\_issuer={:account\_id}&counter\_asset\_code{:asset\_code}&order={asc,desc}&limit={1-200} \|

 - ARGUMENT - REQUIRED - DESCRIPTION - start\_time - long - The lower time boundary represented as milliseconds since epoch. - end\_time - long - The upper time boundary represented as milliseconds since epoch. - resolution - long - The segment duration represented as milliseconds. Supported values are 1 minute \(60000\), 5 minutes \(300000\), 15 minutes \(900000\), 1 hour \(3600000\), 1 day \(86400000\) and 1 week \(604800000\). - offset - long - Segments can be offset using this parameter. Expressed in milliseconds. Can only be used if the resolution is greater than 1 hour. Value must be in whole hours, less than the provided resolution, and less than 24 hours. - base\_asset\_type - required - The type for the base asset. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - base\_asset\_issuer - optional - The Stellar address of the base asset’s issuer. Required if the \`base\_asset\_type\` is not \`native\`. - base\_asset\_code - optional - The code for the base asset. Required if the \`base\_asset\_type\` is not \`native\`. - counter\_asset\_type - required - The type for the counter asset. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - counter\_asset\_issuer - optional - The Stellar address of the counter asset’s issuer. Required if the \`counter\_asset\_type\` is not \`native\`. - counter\_asset\_code - optional - The code for the counter asset. Required if the \`counter\_asset\_type\` is not \`native\`. - order - optional - A designation of the order in which records should appear. Options include \`asc\`\(ascending\) or \`desc\` \(descending\). If this argument isn’t set, it defaults to \`asc\`. - limit - optional - The total number of records returned. The limit can range from 1 to 200 - an upper limit that is hardcoded in Horizon for performance reasons. If this argument isn’t designated, it defaults to 10.

 \`\`\`curl curl "https://horizon.stellar.org/trade\_aggregations?base\_asset\_type=native&counter\_asset\_code=EURT&counter\_asset\_issuer=GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S&counter\_asset\_type=credit\_alphanum4&resolution=3600000&start\_time=1582156800000&end\_time=1582178400000" \`\`\` \`\`\`js var StellarSdk = require\("stellar-sdk"\); var server = new StellarSdk.Server\("https://horizon.stellar.org"\); var base = new StellarSdk.Asset.native\(\); var counter = new StellarSdk.Asset\( "EURT", "GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S", \); var startTime = 1582156800000; var endTime = 1582178400000; var resolution = 3600000; var offset = 0; server .tradeAggregation\(base, counter, startTime, endTime, resolution, offset\) .call\(\) .then\(function \(resp\) { console.log\(resp\); }\) .catch\(function \(err\) { console.error\(err\); }\); \`\`\`

 \`\`\`json { "\_links": { "self": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/trade\_aggregations?base\_asset\_type=native\u0026counter\_asset\_code=EURT\u0026counter\_asset\_issuer=GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S\u0026counter\_asset\_type=credit\_alphanum4\u0026resolution=3600000\u0026start\_time=1582156800000\u0026end\_time=1582178400001" }, "next": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/trade\_aggregations?base\_asset\_type=native\u0026counter\_asset\_code=EURT\u0026counter\_asset\_issuer=GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S\u0026counter\_asset\_type=credit\_alphanum4\u0026end\_time=1582178400001\u0026resolution=3600000\u0026start\_time=1582171200000" }, "prev": { "href": "" } }, "\_embedded": { "records": \[ { "timestamp": 1582164000000, "trade\_count": 3, "base\_volume": "399.3873200", "counter\_volume": "25.5368082", "avg": "0.0639400", "high": "0.0652169", "high\_r": { "N": 652169, "D": 10000000 }, "low": "0.0638338", "low\_r": { "N": 8107550, "D": 127010393 }, "open": "0.0652169", "open\_r": { "N": 652169, "D": 10000000 }, "close": "0.0638338", "close\_r": { "N": 8107550, "D": 127010393 } }, { "timestamp": 1582167600000, "trade\_count": 1, "base\_volume": "149.8415320", "counter\_volume": "9.7149804", "avg": "0.0648350", "high": "0.0648350", "high\_r": { "N": 5000000, "D": 77118803 }, "low": "0.0648350", "low\_r": { "N": 5000000, "D": 77118803 }, "open": "0.0648350", "open\_r": { "N": 5000000, "D": 77118803 }, "close": "0.0648350", "close\_r": { "N": 5000000, "D": 77118803 } } \] } } \`\`\`

 \`\`\`js var StellarSdk = require\("stellar-sdk"\); var server = new StellarSdk.Server\("https://horizon.stellar.org"\); var callback = function \(resp\) { console.log\(resp\); }; var base = new StellarSdk.Asset.native\(\); var counter = new StellarSdk.Asset\( "EURT", "GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S", \); var startTime = 1582156800000; var endTime = 1582178400000; var resolution = 3600000; var offset = 0; var es = server .tradeAggregation\(base, counter, startTime, endTime, resolution, offset\) .cursor\("now"\) .stream\({ onmessage: callback }\); \`\`\`

