---
title: The Account Object
order: 10
---

# object

import { ExampleResponse } from "components/ExampleResponse"; import { AttributeTable } from "components/AttributeTable";

When Horizon returns information about an account, it uses the following format:

 - ATTRIBUTE - DATA TYPE - DESCRIPTION - id - string - A unique identifier for this account. - account\_id - string - This account's public key encoded in a base32 string representation. - sequence - number - This account's current sequence number. For use when submitting this account's next transaction. - subentry\_count - number - The number of subentries on this account. - home\_domain - string - The domain that hosts this account's \`stellar.toml\` file. - last\_modified\_ledger - number - The ID of the last ledger that included changes to this account. - num\_sponsoring - number - The number of reserves sponsored by this account. - num\_sponsored - number - The number of reserves sponsored for this account. - sponsor - string \(optional\) - The account ID of the sponsor who is paying the reserves for this account. - thresholds - object - Operations have varying levels of access. This field specifies thresholds for different access levels, as well as the weight of the master key. - low\_threshold - number - The weight required for a valid transaction including the Allow Trust and Bump Sequence operations. - med\_threshold - number - The weight required for a valid transaction including the Create Account, Payment, Path Payment, Manage Buy Offer, Manage Sell Offer, Create Passive Sell Offer, Change Trust, Inflation, and Manage Data operations. - high\_threshold - number - The weight required for a valid transaction including the Account Merge and Set Options operations. - flags - object - Flags denote the enabling/disabling of certain asset issuer privileges. - auth\_immutable - boolean - If set to \`true\`, none of the following flags can be changed. - auth\_required - boolean - If set to \`true\`, anyone who wants to hold an asset issued by this account must first be approved by this account. - auth\_revocable - boolean - If set to \`true\`, this account can freeze the balance of a holder of an asset issued by this account. - balances - object - The assets this account holds. - balance - string - The number of units of an asset held by this account. - buying\_liabilities - string - The sum of all buy offers owned by this account for this asset. - selling\_liabilities - string - The sum of all sell offers owned by this account for this asset. - limit - number \(optional\) - The maximum amount of this asset that this account is willing to accept. Specified when opening a trustline. - asset\_type - string - Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - asset\_code - string \(optional\) - The code for this asset. - asset\_issuer - string \(optional\) - The Stellar address of this asset's issuer. - sponsor - string \(optional\) - The account ID of the sponsor who is paying the reserves for this trustline. - signers - array of objects - The public keys and associated weights that can be used to authorize transactions for this account. Used for multi-sig. - public\_key - string - \*\*REMOVED in 0.17.0: USE \`key\` INSTEAD.\*\* - weight - number - The numerical weight of a signer. Used to determine if a transaction meets the \`threshold\` requirements. - sponsor - string \(optional\) - The account ID of the sponsor who is paying the reserves for this signer. - key - string - A hash of characters dependent on the signer type. - type - string - The type of hash for this signer. - ed25519\_public\_key - skip - A normal Stellar public key. - sha256\_hash - skip - The SHA256 hash of some arbitrary \`x\`. Adding a signature of this type allows anyone who knows x to sign a transaction from this account. \_Note: Once this transaction is broadcast, x will be known publicly.\_ - preauth\_tx - skip - The hash of a pre-authorized transaction. This signer is automatically removed from the account when a matching transaction is properly applied. - data - object - An array of account data fields.

 \`\`\`json { "\_links": { "self": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U" }, "transactions": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/transactions{?cursor,limit,order}", "templated": true }, "operations": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/operations{?cursor,limit,order}", "templated": true }, "payments": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/payments{?cursor,limit,order}", "templated": true }, "effects": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/effects{?cursor,limit,order}", "templated": true }, "offers": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/offers{?cursor,limit,order}", "templated": true }, "trades": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/trades{?cursor,limit,order}", "templated": true }, "data": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U/data/{key}", "templated": true } }, "id": "GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U", "account\_id": "GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U", "sequence": "24739097524306468", "subentry\_count": 3, "inflation\_destination": "GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U", "home\_domain": "tempo.eu.com", "last\_modified\_ledger": 23569316, "num\_sponsoring": 0, "num\_sponsored": 0, "thresholds": { "low\_threshold": 5, "med\_threshold": 0, "high\_threshold": 0 }, "flags": { "auth\_required": false, "auth\_revocable": true, "auth\_immutable": false }, "balances": \[ { "balance": "1.0000005", "limit": "922337203685.4775807", "buying\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "selling\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "last\_modified\_ledger": 22651481, "is\_authorized": true, "asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "asset\_code": "EURT", "asset\_issuer": "GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S" }, { "balance": "0.0000000", "limit": "922337203685.4775807", "buying\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "selling\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "last\_modified\_ledger": 7877447, "is\_authorized": false, "asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "asset\_code": "PHP", "asset\_issuer": "GBUQWP3BOUZX34TOND2QV7QQ7K7VJTG6VSE7WMLBTMDJLLAW7YKGU6EP" }, { "balance": "0.0000000", "limit": "922337203685.4775807", "buying\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "selling\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "last\_modified\_ledger": 20213845, "is\_authorized": true, "asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "asset\_code": "NGN", "asset\_issuer": "GCC4YLCR7DDWFCIPTROQM7EB2QMFD35XRWEQVIQYJQHVW6VE5MJZXIGW" }, { "balance": "198.8944970", "buying\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "selling\_liabilities": "0.0000000", "asset\_type": "native" } \], "signers": \[ { "weight": 10, "key": "GDI73WJ4SX7LOG3XZDJC3KCK6ED6E5NBYK2JUBQSPBCNNWEG3ZN7T75U", "type": "ed25519\_public\_key" } \], "data": {}, "paging\_token": "" } \`\`\`

