---
title: Path Payment Strict Receive Object
order: 30
---

# path-payment-strict-receive

import { ExampleResponse } from "components/ExampleResponse"; import { AttributeTable } from "components/AttributeTable";

Sends a payment from one account to another in a path through the order books, starting as one asset and ending as another. Path payments that are `Strict Receive` designate the payment amount in the asset received.

See the [`Path Payment Strict Receive` errors](../../../errors/result-codes/operation-specific/path-payment-strict-receive.md).

 - ATTRIBUTE - DATA TYPE - DESCRIPTION - asset\_type - string - The type of asset being received. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - asset\_code - string - The code for the asset being received. Appears if the \`asset\_type\` is not \`native\`. - asset\_issuer - string - The Stellar address of the issuer of the asset being received. Appears if the \`asset\_type\` is not \`native\`. - from - string - The payment sender’s public key. - to - string - The payment recipient’s public key. - amount - string - Amount received designated in the destination asset. - path - array of objects - The intermediary assets that this path hops through. - asset\_code - string - The code for this intermediary asset. - asset\_issuer - string - The Stellar address of the intermediary asset’s issuer. - asset\_type - string - The type for the intermediary asset. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - source\_amount - string - Amount sent designated in the source asset. - source\_max - string - The maximum amount to be sent designated in the source asset. - source\_asset\_type - string - The type for the source asset. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - source\_asset\_code - string - The code for the source asset. - source\_asset\_issuer - string - The Stellar address of the source asset’s issuer.

 \`\`\`json { "\_links": { "self": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/operations/124018825644490753" }, "transaction": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/transactions/2624935eefedc195562623d982e501ba2a183382959fa0b9d03cf66dced3b332" }, "effects": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/operations/124018825644490753/effects" }, "succeeds": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/effects?order=desc\u0026cursor=124018825644490753" }, "precedes": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/effects?order=asc\u0026cursor=124018825644490753" } }, "id": "124018825644490753", "paging\_token": "124018825644490753", "transaction\_successful": true, "source\_account": "GBZH7S5NC57XNHKHJ75C5DGMI3SP6ZFJLIKW74K6OSMA5E5DFMYBDD2Z", "type": "path\_payment\_strict\_receive", "type\_i": 2, "created\_at": "2020-03-26T19:33:55Z", "transaction\_hash": "2624935eefedc195562623d982e501ba2a183382959fa0b9d03cf66dced3b332", "asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "asset\_code": "BRL", "asset\_issuer": "GDVKY2GU2DRXWTBEYJJWSFXIGBZV6AZNBVVSUHEPZI54LIS6BA7DVVSP", "from": "GBZH7S5NC57XNHKHJ75C5DGMI3SP6ZFJLIKW74K6OSMA5E5DFMYBDD2Z", "to": "GBZH7S5NC57XNHKHJ75C5DGMI3SP6ZFJLIKW74K6OSMA5E5DFMYBDD2Z", "amount": "0.1000000", "path": \[ { "asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "asset\_code": "USD", "asset\_issuer": "GBUYUAI75XXWDZEKLY66CFYKQPET5JR4EENXZBUZ3YXZ7DS56Z4OKOFU" }, { "asset\_type": "native" } \], "source\_amount": "0.0198773", "source\_max": "0.0198774", "source\_asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "source\_asset\_code": "USD", "source\_asset\_issuer": "GDUKMGUGDZQK6YHYA5Z6AY2G4XDSZPSZ3SW5UN3ARVMO6QSRDWP5YLEX" } \`\`\`

