---
title: The Trade Object
order: 10
---

# object

import { ExampleResponse } from "components/ExampleResponse"; import { AttributeTable } from "components/AttributeTable";

When Horizon returns information about a trade, it uses the following format:

 - ATTRIBUTE - DATA TYPE - DESCRIPTION - id - string - A unique identifier for this trade. - paging\_token - number - A cursor value for use in \[pagination\]\(../../introduction/pagination/index.mdx\). - ledger\_close\_time - string - An ISO 8601 formatted string of when the ledger with this trade was closed. - offer\_id - string - The sell offer ID. \*\*DECPRECATED\*\* - base\_account - string - The account ID of the base party for this trade. - base\_offer\_id - string - The base offer ID. If this offer was immediately and fully consumed, this will be a synethic ID. - base\_amount - string - The amount of the base asset that was moved from \`base\_account\` to \`counter\_account\`. - base\_asset\_type - string - The type for the base asset. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - base\_asset\_code - string - The code for the base asset. - base\_asset\_issuer - string - The Stellar address of the base asset’s issuer. - counter\_offer\_id - string - The counter offer ID. If this offer was immediately and fully consumed, this will be a synethic ID. - counter\_amount - string - The amount of the counter asset that was moved from \`counter\_account\` to \`base\_account\`. - counter\_asset\_type - string - The type for the counter asset. Either \`native\`, \`credit\_alphanum4\`, or \`credit\_alphanum12\`. - counter\_asset\_code - string - The code for the counter asset. - counter\_asset\_issuer - string - The Stellar address of the counter asset’s issuer. - price - object - An object of a number numerator and number denominator that represents the original offer price. To derive the price, divide \`n\` by \`d\`. - n - number - The numerator. - d - number - The denominator. - base\_is\_seller - boolean - Indicates with party is the seller.

 \`\`\`json { "\_links": { "self": { "href": "" }, "base": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GA23DVJUJVXUQ45SKQMZR7KH2ZOOBFWGWSEXHCT7VVKP2TYIMCQTQGNQ" }, "counter": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/accounts/GAFGG7CRFRCJLBHGI5L4IZD4QYR4GDX5NKB46CE4KZMNBILBTP3L4M75" }, "operation": { "href": "https://horizon.stellar.org/operations/100089067462524929" } }, "id": "100089067462524929-0", "paging\_token": "100089067462524929-0", "ledger\_close\_time": "2019-04-07T11:30:03Z", "offer\_id": "79502917", "base\_offer\_id": "4711775085889912833", "base\_account": "GA23DVJUJVXUQ45SKQMZR7KH2ZOOBFWGWSEXHCT7VVKP2TYIMCQTQGNQ", "base\_amount": "99.9999996", "base\_asset\_type": "native", "counter\_offer\_id": "79502917", "counter\_account": "GAFGG7CRFRCJLBHGI5L4IZD4QYR4GDX5NKB46CE4KZMNBILBTP3L4M75", "counter\_amount": "11.4722884", "counter\_asset\_type": "credit\_alphanum4", "counter\_asset\_code": "EURT", "counter\_asset\_issuer": "GAP5LETOV6YIE62YAM56STDANPRDO7ZFDBGSNHJQIYGGKSMOZAHOOS2S", "base\_is\_seller": false, "price": { "n": 10000000, "d": 87166567 } } \`\`\`

